Struqture 2.0 Migration Guide (#135)
HQSquantumsimulations/struqture: Migration_Guide.md

| FermionSystem | FermionOperator |
| FermionHamiltonianSystem | FermionHamiltonian |
| FermionLindbladNoiseSystem | FermionLindbladNoiseOperator |
| MixedSystem | MixedOperator |
| MixedHamiltonianSystem | MixedHamiltonian |
| MixedLindbladNoiseSystem | MixedLindbladNoiseOperator |
| SpinSystem | QubitOperator |
| SpinHamiltonianSystem | QubitHamiltonian |
| SpinLindbladNoiseSystem | QubitLindbladNoiseOperator |
| SpinLindbladOpenSystem | QubitLindbladOpenSystem |

No other objects have been renamed.

2) Removed or deprecated functionality

* The struqture 2.0 `Operator` and `Hamiltonian` objects do not have a maximum number of particles, and therefore don't take any input in their creation. This means that, for instance, what was previously:
```python
# struqture 1.0
fermionic_operator = FermionSystem(4)
fermionic_hamiltonian = FermionHamiltonianSystem(4)
fermionic_noisy = FermionLindbladNoiseSystem(4)
```
is now:
```python
# struqture 2.0
fermionic_operator = FermionOperator()
fermionic_hamiltonian = FermionHamiltonian()
fermionic_noisy = FermionLindbladNoiseOperator()
```
The exact same holds for the bosonic objects and spin objects.

> **NOTE**: For mixed objects, the above changes mean that the initialisation function no longer needs to know how many particles are in each subsystem of the mixed object. However, it does need to know how many subsystems there are in the mixed object. Here is an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: For mixed objects, the above changes mean that the initialisation function no longer needs to know how many spins or modes are in each subsystem of the mixed object. However, it does need to know how many subsystems there are in the mixed object. Here is an example:
```

```python
# struqture 1.0 
hamiltonian = MixedHamiltonianSystem([3, 2], [], [])
```
is now:
```python
# struqture 2.0
hamiltonian = MixedHamiltonian(2, 0, 0)
```

> * The `number_modes`, `number_bosonic_modes` and `number_fermionic_modes` have been removed, in favour of the `current_number_modes`, `current_number_bosonic_modes` and `current_number_fermionic_modes` functions. These functions now return the same thing, as there is no maximum index set.

Reviewer: > These functions now return the same thing

The same thing as what?

> * The `number_modes`, `number_bosonic_modes` and `number_fermionic_modes` have been removed, in favour of the `current_number_modes`, `current_number_bosonic_modes` and `current_number_fermionic_modes` functions. These functions now return the same thing, as there is no maximum index set.

Author: I've updated the description. Yes, these functions have been completely removed.

3) Added functionality

* The conversion error message should now be much clearer, and there should no longer be any mistaken conversions from python to rust, as we have re-designed parts of the (de)serialisation.

* We have added conversion functions, to convert a struqture 1.0 object to a struqture 2.0 object. This includes a `from_json_struqture_1` function, so that users need not re-generate their json files. See the code snippet below.

```python
# given a struqture 1.0 FermionicHamiltonianSystem object "ham_struq_1", the following code will return a struqture 2.0 object
hamiltonian = FermionHamiltonian().from_struqture_1(ham_struq_1)
# given a struqture 1.0 FermionicHamiltonianSystem **json** object "ham_json_struq_1", the following code will return a struqture 2.0 object
hamiltonian = FermionHamiltonian().from_json_struqture_1(ham_json_struq_1)
```

> * Additionally, as of struqture 1.9, there are conversion functions to convert from struqture 2.0 to struqture 1.0 objects, which can be used analogously to the ones in the code snippet above. Should you wish to use them, please ensure you have installed struqture 1.9 or higher, using the `--features` flag in maturin, with the following feature specified: `unstable_struqture_2_import`.

Reviewer: Most of the users install struqture directly with pip. Maybe we could add that converting from struqture 2.0 to struqture 1.0 objects is only available when installing the package manually?

Author: Added, let me know what you think
